Hello, dear listener and welcome to Startling Barbara Bain, the only Space 1999 commentary podcast that's basically undergoing a catastrophic nuclear explosion every few weeks these days.
I'm Nathan.
I'm James.
I'm Peter.
And I'm the mortifying mortality rates of the Moonbase Alpha Abber Appreciation Society for this week.
We lose not one but 2 bennies, an Anietta, an Anafridge. and someone who looks definitely like one of the hangers on.
Yeah, I'm sure.
Stig or someone.
Yes.
So we are watching what I am pleased to call season one, episode 2 because it was the 2nd episode screened in the UK and in Australia.
Sorry, 11th of September 1975 in the UK.
Yeah.
Yeah, okay.
We didn't get it very long afterwards.
I haven't checked, but I remember this being on, and, you know, hugely, as we said, hugely advertised for, it felt like months before. 24 years and 2 days before the actual catastrophe.
Ashbutch Fair.
Yeah, you're talking about Barbara, aren't you?
I can tell.
So you haven't seen this before, Heavy James.
Well, I watched it.
You watched it yesterday, but you hadn't seen it before then. actually have to say that I had no memory of it.
I do.
Yeah, for several good reasons called John Hamill.
Oh, get there.
And that amazing set.
The power room set.
I remember as a child because you can easily be built in red and white Lego. afterwards It is incredible, isn't it?
It does look really...
It's pinewood.
You know, we're shooting the 007 was made out of metal to me.
Yeah.
Do you know what they were shooting next door because this one, because of the delay in breakaway.
Stop it.
No.
One of your fades, the man with the golden gun.
Oh, wow.
So there was a delay.
This episode was delayed for 3 or 4 weeks because the Baines went to Europe on a holiday after the really long protracted filming and development of breakaway.
Yeah. and the demise of Mr. Catson as a director for all time, evermore.
But this followed very quickly on, but yes, next door at Pinewood.
They were doing Man with the Golden Gun.
Well, I mean, this is very simple.
I think it's very straightforward and it does play to space 1999 strengths, which are just incredible production values.
Not a lot of chat.
Not a lot of chat, sexy people from the 1970s.
That's about it, really.
Yeah.
You know, I had memories of watching this.
Because whenever it was shown in Australia.
It was always shown over the Christmas and summer holidays.
And I always missed breakaway.
I always become aware that the show was back on at 2 o'clock on channel 7 on a weekday afternoon.
I'd always become aware slightly too late.
And so I think I'd always come in around about this episode.
Okay.
Yeah, no, somehow I don't remember it, which doesn't mean that I didn't see it because, I mean, it's sort of high concept in one sense, but it is also just incredibly straightforward in another sense.
And I have to say that I think there's something really rather spectacular about the way it ends.
I'm a big fan of where this ends up going, I think.
And that element of space 1999 season one in particular, where it is a little bit more mystic and a little bit more strange than it eventually lands on.
There's some actual philosophy going on.
Yeah, yeah, and it's not anything huge, but it is sort of fun and interesting. sort of captured in the character of Victor.
Yeah, well, and he was always my favourite when I was a kid.
I just thought he was spectacular.
He's kind of the anti-spock, isn't he?
He's so human.
And he's still a science officer.
I think he's wonderful.
Mine was always Sandra.
I think that should be a clue as to the way I turned out.
She is fabulous.
Well, what do you think?
Do we want to go in?
I don't see why we shouldn't get our feet a little warm.
I mean, whoever says no to a Korean barbeque?
Exactly right.
So I have a code phrase, and I'm going to tell you what it is, and the next time that I say that phrase, you, Richard, and the listener at home should press play.
And so the phrase is Pizbooine.
Which fact?
What did you call me?
There were no factors.
It was just oil.
Yeah that's right.
You were just basting yourself.
So this is a deep dive into my childhood, this whole era.
I would have said copper tone.
Well, Pierce Meoween was a bit classier.
It was a bit classic.
If you were Miss World 1969, I think you were putting Bisbee on.
Or C and ski if you were northern beaches.
Do you remember?
All right.
So I'm going to say it again?
Pizz-booing.
And we're off.
So we have a blue thing, a blue light approaching the moon.
And you know, I had never realised until you actually talked about it on last week's episode, the fact that the way they composite these effect shots, you never actually see one effect over the other.
So you see this blue light here or you see an eagle flying over the moon.
It never actually flies over the moon.
It only flies in the space above the moon.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, they're all composite shorts.
Amaing.
And I mean, I kind of like this.
Again, it's not an alien spaceship.
It's just something inexplicable.
Look that wonderful high shot.
Oh my god.
In fact, the only problem is that through the windows, you can just see that it's, you know, like a painting of the rest of the base on that wall.
I don't think you see those windows very often.
Even the most expensive colour screens at the time were not much bigger than that lassie on the wall.
Yeah, of course.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, no.
I mean, it just looks so incredible.
Look at that incredible 70s clock radio.
I know, it's wonderful.
Tangerine polyester drip dry sheets.
That's right, we all.
Not a natural fibre anywhere involved.
Not to be found.
Also, Ian McShane's hair.
It's a lot of hair.
Moonbase alpha requisition pyjamas.
Yeah, I know I love that.
The 1st time we see, it is.
It's the 1st time we see the Moon Bay sale for Kumonors.
You can probably get them on red bubble now. probably can.
Oh, and then you're building.
We've not seen that before.
That's amazing.
Look at that.
So good.
Trekking thing.
I mean, I know it said very often, but can we just take a moment to appreciate the moon base alpha designing?
And that the Luftwaffe had obviously wondered it by the insignia of the German Cross... look at main mission here.
It's beautiful.
Is there ever a reason given in story for why the lighting changes colour in those panels?
Oh, no, but it's in the tech manuals and in the writer's guide.
It was just for mood because they're stuck on this beige base and sometimes colours were changed just to stop the boredom of the, I want to say inmates, but I It was a bit of an episode I watched the other day.
They looked bright orange.
It's so pretty.
Look at it.
Look how massive it is.
Yeah, darling.
And speaking of which, here's John Hamill.
Speaking of massive. as Mark Dominatrix.
So he's so cute.
He's a lovely, lovely person.
He looks like Benny from ABBA.
He's not going to survive the episode.
But of course, he had a career as a beefcake model.
Modelette, a glamour studio model.
He was kind of notorious as being one of the most liked Zed grade actors of all time by everyone, which was the only reason he kept getting work, including working under Prentice Hancock. in the ribald operation.
Yes, yes.
Yes, so he is a shreve in the Ribos operation.
And this is the pace of acting that the Landau insisted on. love how there's no special effect here.
It's just they get the actors to stand very still. do it very well.
Very underrated, Prentice Hancock.
Yeah.
The lovely, yes.
Well, mate, yeah.
And the lovely and already pretty well respected Ian McShane.
Yeah.
So he's huge.
Darling, he's a big deal.
And he's still working, isn't he?
I mean, he was in Game of Thrones.
I think he was in Deadwood.
He's been in heaps.
John Wick.
John Wick, yeah, the John Wick, yeah.
Yeah.
He was Lovejoy.
Yes.
It was funny he was that guy.
I thought he must have done a Doctor Who but he never did.
So I'd never seen him in anything.
No, he was always a bit big for doctor.
Yeah.
I think the interesting thing about this, like, I think the reason that we start with him in bed wanting to have sex with his wife is, of course, he's left unable to touch anyone as a result of the thing, you know, and, like, that's a sort of grown-up thing that that space 1999 can do and that Doctor Who kind of couldn't.
But it's also one of the few moments, I think, in season one of Space 1999 where it's just a character moment.
You had very few of those.
They do bring them in in awfully clunky ways in season.
Awful.
But usually the dialogue is quite workmanlike, like it's all work-based.
Yeah, yeah.
You get the impression that these people actually do have an idea of what they're doing.
Which isn't maintained over the 52 episodes, but, look, everyone they had, and this is the point of the seniors, and we'll see more of that when we see the Rye actors or the RAI actors.
Yeah.
So, colour.
Well, everyone they used, it's the same as, you know, good films at the time, you know, when there's very little dialogue, which again was because it was the Italian co-production, it all had to be dubbed.
So deliberately very little dialogue.
And there's Diana Daws behind.
Oh, no, anti-radiation dinosaurs.
Actually, I think Richard, touching on that, I think it's the reason why Space 1999 never caught my attention in the same way as Dog 2.
Because dogs who are being a studio-based videotape drama, everything is powered by dialogue.
Whereas this, these people don't engage in small talk.
And so whenever you have something like this opener, which is really very good.
It takes a long time and a lot of repeated shots to actually build up the threat.
Whereas in Doc 2 that will be over in 10 seconds.
But I always say that, I mean, look at this.
Why is that shot even happening?
You know, he just ends up on the ceiling and that's the shot.
And the thing here is that we don't get.
Oh, look, this is the most important thing that ever happened.
There she is.
Looking starter.
Why is he looking at his offscreen wife and she is turning away from him?
Yeah, she's looking at us.
She's looking at me.
David Tomlin is the director of this who was, of course, a brilliant fellow who started with the Andersons back in, um, gosh, XL 5 and Stingray and Thunderbirds, but he's also a terrific, you know, director as he became in his own right.
Isn't this incredible?
Like, this is so great.
The very short clips from the rest of the episode.
Like, it's an incredible genius thing.
Barry Morse has found his way into the opening credits at this point.
Finally.
Love it, though I do.
You can't imagine something like Blake 7 pulling that off.
No, no.
But well, the Anderson's actually started that.
It's not an American thing.
They started it with stingray in 63.
And then it was later picked up by Quinn Martin productions and other US production officers.
But no, it was Sylvia and Jerry who did it. genius because it makes the show look just the most exciting thing ever.
And it was just to grab American viewers because of the way that they would show a very short bit and then a lot of ads over there. which is not how ITCATV did it in the UK.
Oh, Johnny Byrne.
It's a Johnny Byrne script one or maybe two.
Let's hope it'll be a keeper of Trark and a Nod Narc of Infinity.
So I think the interesting thing here is that all of the stuff is done in camera and all of these special effects, they're not what we see.
Like, it's not kind of digetic.
You know, there's those scenes where that woman's running away in slow motion.
Like, it's not that that's really happening or she's really slow or anything.
It's just that the camera becomes much more expressionistic and much less kind of realist when he's having one of his moments. was a stylised thing that was in cinema at the time.
Italian realist cinema, actually.
So Antonioni was using it.
And if you remember, blow up that film that made a big impact on how directors shot and the interiority of characters that were shown in the real-time, so-called real-time of the film.
And yeah, it's an Italian thing that the, that the, the rest of them.
And of course, the interesting thing is, again, with this is looking for the European actors that Martin Landau then decided wouldn't be allowed on the set the next day.
Because they're prettier than him.
Indeed.
So keep your eyes peeled for anyone who's sort of a bit burly and brown and warm looking.
John Hamill was not a threat and we'll get to him when he appears on screen again.
Ian McShane apparently was.
Yeah, okay Kel Suprise, but again, it was only a one episode thing.
And Sylvia said, as in Sylvia Anderson said, she spent most of her time as producer of this ridiculously complex and expensive program, calming Martin Lando down in the other room.
Jerry is famous for saying, as you said, to Nick Tate, I'm with Hitchcock on actors, go and speak to Sylvia, if you want anything.
I'm honestly be happy if you were all still puppets, which wasn't true.
He hated the puppets, but 0 interest in people.
Which I guess you need it because he was more interested in the technical side of production than getting the thing done.
The lighting is gorgeous.
Martin Landau, for all the crap that he gets.
I think these 2 are perfect and believable.
Oh, I think Martin's a great performance.
He's not hot because I don't know that hot person would necessarily be a moon-based commander.
I think he'd probably like a whiskey.
I think he's good looking. yeah, yeah.
He's not, you know, apprentice Hancock good looking at this point.
You don't need a full room of...
Yeah.
Well, he's not Dr. Matthias hot.
But also Koenig's an interesting character.
He's not, you would think that the model they would base him on would be Captain Kirk, but he's not all gung-ho like Kirk is.
He's actually a much more considered character, and he's quite a reassuring presence. as the lead character.
I think what's interesting is the iconography that you've got Kirk sitting in the middle of the bridge because he's the captain and you've got Conig in his office adjacent to Main Mission.
I love when that big office starts.
Yeah, because I think this last episode is a bureaucrat.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, he's an office manager and he calls people by their 1st name.
It's not a military installation.
Yeah, he does that in the very 1st episode actually as well.
And when he walks in and he's warm with everyone and acknowledges them and there's a sense of this is pretty much how you would imagine a semi-military organisation.
It's not, but you know, it's still aerospace.
And because Dr. Russell has the only 1st name that's 3 syllables.
He can say it really urgently.
Helena. right.
I love Ava, like the wife in this, I think, is really good.
They are terrific in this.
You can tell they've both worked in theatre.
It wasn't McShane RSC.
Oh, I don't know I know he'd done.
I know he'd done proper theatre.
But again, yeah, because they're relying on what actors actually are required to do, which is think and feel.
Like she's got the shits with him.
She walked off.
I've taken Mateel towels with me.
Thank you.
Enjoy them.
It's the most colourful thing you'll see in this entire apartment.
Orange bathroom.
Is everyone thinking, maybe I should just paint the floors beige and just go white?
Yeah, yeah.
I mean, I always live here.
This is amazing.
Real estate.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Stream come true, isn't it?
As long as all those things are like, they open up and there's a neatly organised shelf behind every every uh...
Since the 1st episode.
They dropped the idea that every time you approach your door, you have to use your com locks.
They're pretty much doing that in this episode still.
It does seem bad. to the bathroom.
I don't think you.
You don't think anyone attached to her top.
Maybe the only ones that are automatic are the ones which might involve you needing to wash your hands.
Isn't this great?
I think this is really good. and going out of focus.
How long had we all had colour sets?
Did you see this in colour when it was 1st tour?
Yeah, I did.
Well, no, because I didn't see it when it was 1st on.
It was probably like 78 or something before I started watching it.
We need to look that up if anyone's got a thing on when this 1st broadcast industry.
I love those big zips down the aisle.
Yeah, me too.
I think it was late 75 or 76 when we got it.
It was very quick.
She is so beautiful, that young woman.
Yeah.
She's not the, we do actually, as I alluded to before, have Miss World 1969 in this episode.
Miss 69.
Do you know that Miss World has a character?
The actress you're alluding to is Ava Reiber Steiha.
She and she also was in a Bond film.
She's called James.
She's in 2 Bond films.
She's go-gol's kind of sidekick.
I love how the computer printouts used kind of pencil on like we...
Victor's drawn it himself.
Oh, he's drawn himself.
He got a rule around.
Highlighter.
You can see the Space Alpha crayon set.
See, all of these, I live for these scenes of Koenig and Victor talking about things.
That's space for me. great.
Yeah.
No, well, I told you that Space 19, Space 1999 is my 1st experience ever being disappointed in television because I would turn on.
I would turn on series, and it would be series 2 and there would be no Victor that set, just the size of that set, even as a child.
The most misbegotten idea ever, getting rid of main mission for what...
It was budget.
They had a lot less budget for season.
The show was actually axed.
So it is totally different.
It's lovely.
Talk to us about John Hamill.
John Hamill, if we talked over his butt acting just then.
John was an incredibly sweet man.
A little bit easy in every way.
It was the late 60s, early 70s.
He'd go to parties and was popular at parties.
I mean, knew him actually.
Not surprised, I mentioned.
But he was just a terribly sweet man.
He wasn't bi, but he said, I don't mind.
And he was very open in discussing this and he'd posed for all kinds of things that be careful if you're doing this at work.
Of course, they're right up there.
And just in the athletic model guild. library that I actually met the man who bought that in the early 90s.
He was a very large and terrifying Dutchman and he owned all of those old back catalogues, as we now professionally call them.
So John, his career was pretty much stymied very quickly for just being a little too flagrant. and too obvious, but loved by everyone who worked with him.
So he kept getting little jobs.
This, again, he'd already kind of lost the big studios letting him doing anything by this stage, but again, casting directors loved him.
Very sweet. very open relationship with his wife and whomever else happened to be around.
His 1st film was Trog playing Joan Crawford's cave entrance.
He's actually, yes, he's in that.
He was in the original production of Isn't he gorgeous?
He's so pretty, isn't he?
He's in the original prod of There's a Girl in My Soup in 68, which also, that production, I think, had Twiggy and Patrick McNee from Bondfinger.
So apparently Space 1999 premiered on channel 7.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, it did, yeah.
Yeah, and showed on it all through the 80s.
Yeah, like as in world premiere.
No, that's what I mean. we got it.
It broadcasts before the UK.
Correct.
And it was advertised before months.
Every damn night there was a.
Oh, wow.
Yeah, it's...
I mean, if you had effect shots like that, you would...
This is so good.
Look at this.
So don't forget, we'd only had colour for less than 12 months.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So I 1st saw it in black and white.
It was broadcast about 5 or 6 weeks before it was broadcast in Grisham.
And we paid a fortune for it.
It was the most expensive thing and a commercial television station had ever paid for anything in Australia other than sport.
And I guess it makes sense because that means it would have premiered at the height of winter over here.
I thought we had it in summer.
Oh, no, you're right.
Like the 23rd.
No, you're right.
It was July.
Thank you for looking that up because non-ratings period used to happen for us.
Yeah, that's right.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, for summer.
Yeah, end of time.
Just shit was on all over the summer.
Kenny Everett and...
Cosmos with Dr. Carl Sagan.
That was later.
Again, and lots of Dick Emery.
You see, I like these sort of Dutch camera angles.
I think because it is a single camera.
Frosting.
Sorry, Christmassy, isn't it?
Because it is single camera.
It's sort of Christmas music. quite artistic.
We talked over John Hamill's elegant frosting.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, he's a lovely man.
Oh, he's in Jason King, we need to look that one up.
Is that Dr. Matthias?
Yeah, he's really great.
He's really pretty isn't he?
I watch an episode where he gets blown out the window.
Yes, that's war game.
Yeah, the one I watched.
Yeah, yeah.
It's rough.
It's good.
It's great episode.
Another Johnny Burn, I think.
What's his 1st name?
Bob.
That's right, because as Barbara Bean is being dragged out of the window and like all of dragged out of the door by Martin Landau.
Bob, Bob, Bob.
And then she's out in the corridor.
The door's closed and she regains herself and goes, Bob.
That's in.
Bob, Bob, don't touch my bob.
You see, all the money they spent on this and they couldn't get a camera that would focus properly on Barbara Bay.
That's in her contract.
No did you not know?
I'm sure it was No, she had to be shot through linoleum.
The same stuff they clad the floors.
No, they actually did.
It was a diffused thing. and 50% absolute equal screen timing.
The editors went nuts over it between her and Martin Landau.
Really?
It's also in their contract.
So that's why when Barbara Bane approached Sylvia many years later in the 90s, when Sylvia was doing, you know, as a line producer for HBO and doing development over there, and Barbara Bane contacted her and said, you know, would you like to meet?
And Sylvia just let the secretary take it and said just tell her I'm out.
And how long for?
And she said, well, how long have we got till 2020?
Barbara Bean of her life. pretty much.
Sylvia doesn't hold back.
And you know, can you imagine how difficult it was to do them this and get it right every week.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
This ran over time. even though Tomlin was an absolute brilliant expert director and they shot it, I think, in 14 days.
Yeah, 14 days.
It was still 2 days over.
Wow.
There's one particular effect that I don't know how they did, and I'm going to point it out when it comes and see if any of you can tell me what's going on.
But, I mean, the fact, you know, because we watched Doctor Who and because it was in the studio and on videotape and because it had videotape special effects, this is really great because it just uses kind of the full range of available film, things like fisheye lenses and slow motion and stuff.
Bryan Nylon, Bryan Nylon, blue light.
A lot of in-camera effects as well, which you just couldn't get on a video.
That was an MGM Borhamwood thing that Brian Johnson and the team, because Derek Metings wasn't on 2001.
But it was considered the most efficient way of shooting effects in the old analogue days, simply because you could see what was going on.
And they would waste so much time with it slightly off-kill.
And they develop it and they'd be shit.
Yeah, or string would be a bit wrong.
So they just did it all in camera.
It was just efficient.
But it does, as Peter says, it does mean that you get very composite clean shots, but I kind of like that the eagle doesn't touch a mountaintop and I never noticed it as a kid.
Speaking of conspicuous lack of eagles taking off so far.
That's what I'm here.
Yeah, there's none this episode. over a wrong episode.
The Anderson's pitched this to ITC or as an adult drama.
It wasn't kids or family.
It was adult and kids will be interested.
But it was actually for dads.
And then dads and mums.
And it was going for, was it CBS or was it NBC?
Oh, I don't know actually.
But it was primetime viewing, again, pitched was the most expensive thing.
And again, really, it did okay, but the only reason it didn't really, really catch on was the lack of syndication.
Right.
Look, Victor's been with his crayons again.
And his Lecra set.
Which is odd because they had prototype iPads in 2001, remember?
Yeah, okay.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
But still pieces of paper.
There's a great moment here where Helena gets out.
Very aggressively gets out some pieces of paper that she's organising on her desk while, you know, Anton is, you know, lurking behind her.
So what happens?
He doesn't end up going to the Medical Centre.
He just ends up killing that lovely orderly, this handsome orderly. professional headache acting.
Yeah, it's pretty great.
She's gorgeous too.
You have to...
Oh.
Now, uncredited.
Yeah, she's uncredited.
I just call her Anafrid and hope for the best.
So we do get her name in dialogue later because we announce that she's died.
Yeah.
Now, her name is, um, the character is Hillary Preston, I believe.
And the actress is Leah Dragorn. who was born to be in Game of Thrones, but sadly, as far as I know, never got in it.
She's really good in this though, isn't she?
A lot of the actors, as Sylvia had done with UFO, were models, not actually...
She was meant to turn up in the sequel, Dragon's domain.
Right me.
I think she does a perfectly good job, actually.
No, she's good. frightened abra afficionado and soon to be frostbitten.
Yes.
It's the 70s.
People are allowed to have freckles and be beautiful.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, isn't this well done?
It's so interesting.
Even she's, yeah, this, it's kind of like it's like heat, you know, like the heat is, you know, affecting the way the light bends or something.
I don't quite know what it is.
Because it feels like an ad for sun silk right now.
Well, yes, that's right.
That's it.
Weller.
Yes, exactly.
She's worth it.
You know, Rich, what you were saying about it being an adult drama.
I think the template that is breakaway.
I think breakaway is an adult drama and works on that level, but I want to see the 90 minute originally cut.
Well, it was actually 2 in a bit hours.
Look at that.
Look at that shot.
Isn't it gorgeous?
Just and no shots the same as well?
We don't go back to the shock.
Like everything is so, it's pretty good for 14 days.
Yeah, it's all studio, but there's a lot of resetting up and changing the lenses.
Turning the lights on and off.
A lot of hair driers.
I love how she had to run to both ends of the corridor to realise they ended in a wall.
Yeah she could have just looked over.
All these corridors look the same to me.
Imagine if it had been Janet Fielding. just sort of the screams would never have shut up.
Oh, Bob.
Loved Janet.
Bob.
His butt just bleeped.
You know, I think she gets a bit of a raw deal, Barbara Mayne.
I know okay, you can look at this.
You can mock her for the very blank expressions, but she's actually quite realistic in her performance.
We were saying that last week.
How do you expect people stuck on a barren bit of rock to behave?
They're trained for this.
She's pitching it right.
She's thinking, if I'm too big, it will be ridiculous.
So she's bringing it right down.
And she's professional.
She's in charge of the, she's in charge of the whole...
She's Tony with the sets.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. that's right She doesn't want to outcompete the set.
She does a lot with her eyes.
Like, there's a lot of interiority.
Yeah, yeah. her expressions.
I think it's actually the soft focus that's that's crippling performance.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's a good point.
At the time, I thought she was mesmerising and I thought he was compelling and I thought Barry Morse was captivating and believable.
Yeah, me too.
And the other standout for me as a very small person, but utterly addicted, was Zenya Merton because he just gave so much passion that the primary leads, didn't give.
And she was a lovely balance to the rest of the action.
I love how big a role these 2 guest stars get as well.
Yeah.
Okay, so we're back in the thing and here's Sandra.
Sandra, finally.
Do the pink show dance.
Go on.
I've had they just dressed the radiation centre with all of the panels from main mission.
It's an incredible set though.
Or Keith Wilson.
Just the same guy who'd been doing this since XL 5.
Same guy who did Thunderbirds, and it's such a beautiful design.
And you look at 2001.
It doesn't look anywhere near as good as this.
Really?
Yeah, this actually makes me want to watch 2001 again, I have to say.
Yeah, because I mean, clearly this owes so much to her.
In performance style as well.
Yeah, but also just in the fact that everything is sort of slightly mystical, you know, that it's not straight science fiction.
It's sort of just rubber aliens. a really good point.
We should look at the music of the time as well.
There's a beautiful episode with the sitar. remember that one?
It could be the seance Spectre, I think.
Okay, okay.
Further on, and they're listening to, and he was a brilliant professional sit-up player, and we've got to remember the influence of the Beatles and Rabbi Shankar and the whole Eastern type, wise man, mystic promise.
Yeah.
And Pingcho's effects right back in 63 as a long heritage.
Of, yeah, of interest in the news.
Yeah, so this is his 1st episode, watching them in order.
He wasn't in it last week because the guy in it last week got sacked because everyone hated him.
And now we have Carno, who is just fabulous.
But I didn't know he had his own desk.
I thought he used to stand next to the computer.
He and the computer needed to get a room alone.
Oh, oh, oh, did you see who that just was?
No.
Emily Bolton?
Before she got gnashed at by Richard Keel in Moonroker.
Oh my god, really?
She was a Bond girl.
And she's in mind your language, like everybody who isn't entirely white.
Yes, yes.
So we're about to go to the solarium and it just occurred to me.
There are a lot of white people in this room right now and in this room.
I have actually been to a solarium, but it's not the sort of thing that one would do now.
Talk about it on a family podcast.
It's interesting that the only mention of a solarium in Doctor Who happens opposite this in Planet of Evil.
I mean, we banned Solarians about nearly 10 years.
Oh, did we?
No, they're a bad idea.
So what we have is this Jane?
The goggles do nothing.
No, that's not Jane.
So Jane is coming.
There's a really hot black guy who's about to walk out.
There's all the extras from Pans, people.
Everyone's just about to dash off to the 2 Ronnies.
Why do they have carpet in their solarium?
I don't...
Look, they had a nice guy. interesting point.
Oh, hi, shooty.
Shoot his uncle.
They have...
Oh my god, there's something for everyone.
Yeah, no, absolutely.
And this shot.
Come on.
So we're shooting through Rogers.
Roger Moore was James Bond right next door.
So is this her?
Miss World?
This is, as I said, Ava.
Ava Reiber...
She also played Rublevich in The Spy Who Loved Me.
No, she does 2 bonds.
And for your eyes.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And octopus. you know that?
But she just freshly, freshly off the set of Carry on Dick.
You can tell.
Carry on double income, no kids.
No, nicely polished there, James, for us.
Thank you.
Womp, womp, womp.
I remember thinking how exotic solariums were watching this as a young person.
Yeah.
Yeah, it is very period, isn't it?
Like, uh, it's hilarious that they have to have one on the moon base.
And regulation blue velour bikinis. want those lamps so badly.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Still available.
Good scene, cost a fortune.
Do they?
Yeah, they were fibreglass.
Actually they were metal, but they were done as...
I just you just wait waiting for Pamela Stevenson to get frosted off, don't you?
Sadly not this story, although it does come up.
Miss Moon has suddenly become aware that something's going wrong.
No, there's Tanya.
Hi, Tanya.
Alexandria. chicken or beef?
I'm not sure about this new Tartar set.
It is a bit bad, isn't it?
Or it's where they all wake up in alien, you know.
Poor Susan Raquette doesn't even get billed for this episode, although she gets to chat.
It is pretty great that there are women in bikinis running around the moon base.
It is like a, yeah, it's the 70s. really is.
They wonder why those 3 didn't, didn't work.
They only had one woman, didn't they, on the whole show?
How did Commander Konik and Co get there?
I did not see the stock footage of the travel tube.
It will come later.
Oh, love the travel tube.
Yeah.
We do get travel travel tube footage. for law bikinis uplift.
Half makes up for the absence of Eagles.
Yeah, yeah.
That was a new miss, wasn't it?
We were just going to the ad break now.
The tech in this show is amazing.
So we talk about Blake 7 and how wonderful the talent bracelets were on that.
But the guns in this, the staple guns with the force. so good.
Or a nozzles for different things.
One was for different colours, I think.
Yeah, boys, you just saw one of the walkie-talkies from the protectors.
That was one of Nairi, Dawn Porter's walkie-talkies.
Yeah.
But I mean, even that, look at the tour.
She could have got that.
We haven't seen anything as good as that since image of the fan. the backyard.
Yeah, that's right.
But the torch is there, but just, I mean, the com locks, all of that sort of thing.
That's wonderful.
Do you know who made the Comlocks?
Space models.
Oh really?
So who also made... you know you can buy them online.
You can.
Yes, I think I'd seen that.
Yeah, yeah.
Can buy them as kits, 1612, are doing them, or you can buy them as model kits or as fully built things.
It's only 2nd mortgage.
We talk about the visuals in a show like Space 1999 rightly, but the soundscape is also amazing.
Thank you, Barry.
Sound effects are incredible.
So when the buttons, they push that little bleep, boop, boop, noise that they make, the noise, the com locks make when the doors open.
Yeah, it's fantastic.
But this one, this episode isn't Barry Gray.
It's all Warner Chapel library music.
Oh, wow.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
You probably recognise some of it.
Do you want to know what it is?
Those opening scenes didn't have those Barry Gray strains over them, did they?
No, but yeah, it does end with the sort of traditional we're heading into the closing credits music.
And I think the opening sort of has something that's fairly familiar as well.
It's a little sort of trill of notes going up that leads into the Videotronics number 3 by Roger Roger.
That's what you've been enjoying. right.
And it's all on want to chat on, you can still find it if you want to dash out to your nearest YouTube.
Um, and also um, a piece called The Latest Fashion. composed by Gianpiero Bonieski and performed by the Bonieski Electronic Combination.
Thank you, Warner Chapel.
So there's Penny.
Benny from ABBA. is not going to go well. is going to be killed.
Second Benny, I tell you, it's going to go well.
Really had it in for ABBA.
They really bloody did. because Mama Mia was big at this time.
I was going to say, they're only just one, you know, Eurovision a year before, and look what they're doing to them.
No, hang on.
This is filmed.
When did I say?
Um, principal photography, 28th of May, the 7th of June, and then the um, the Bains buggered off to Europe.
Was this in 1974?
Yeah, in 74.
Yeah, 1st of the 5th of July 74.
Yeah, someone heard Hasta Mañana, where it's not a patch on Waterloo.
Get them.
So what I like is they have this very clever idea where they mount a little light.
Yeah, that would also be a great idea.
Where they mount a little light on Anton's chest.
And so when it goes out, that means he's waking up and he's eating energy, except that no one's looking at him.
And they all have...
They're cooking desk, 180 degrees away from the damn window.
Right now.
Yes, yes.
It's like bad.
So she's looking in through the window.
Now she's going to sit down.
She has some very important pieces of paper here, man.
She needs to deal with.
There's one.
I was putting that one there.
I can put new...
Like, she could have set up a hand mirror on the desk.
Yeah that's right.
Like that's not.
Put the chair on the other side of the desk.
Look, through the window.
Oh my god.
I think it's about to go out.
Why does she set that up on him?
Is it because Barbara herself has one of those little fill lights attached to her?
Yes, she does.
There it goes.
Oh, no, you're right.
It was an early warning thing.
As soon as he started to drain the power.
Yeah.
Helena, how did you get this job again?
Helena.
Look, he's moving in the shop behind her.
You can draw a fairly straight parallel between her performance and Jason McFadden.
Yeah.
Harsh and yet...
Coming from the same place, I think.
Yeah. same performance place.
And I can see Garter's also thinking, look, there's too much emotion in this entire damn thing.
I think I need to play it as if I at least sometimes was actually this person.
Reality trick.
Did she ever not poised?
She chills quite a bit.
I was watching some series 6, Star Trek, The Next Generation last night, and sometimes she's just really fun to watch because she's just chilled.
She's just, it is pretty great.
Which one is she in in trick?
Oh no, no, not Helena.
Oh, because I got excited for a moment.
She didn't do a lot after this, actually.
Stuff, but oh.
What's wrong with that fricking doorknob?
And that?
Look.
Like, what's happening?
What is she actually seeing?
I think she's startled.
She is Barbara Bane.
And this, like, look how big, like, how far away he looks in that shot.
It's wonderful.
Just closing the ground between them.
So good.
I think she looks great.
I remember this.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, I can I can imagine this being properly scary as well.
Wow, it really was.
Without any sort of latex or any nonsense.
It was a really interesting summer.
A really interesting change season.
It was one of those periods in Sydney where the sky overcast but hot and damp.
The sky was yellow, gray yellow.
Like on the planet Arcadia.
Exactly right.
When this season, for a while there when this season 1st premiered, because I remember feeling the alien quality.
This colour of Sandra's slit, colour of Sandra's left sling.
And there's Nick saying I'm still here, mate.
There's no eagles. nothing for him. nothing to do.
Oh, Benny or no?
Benny, no, he's going to be killed.
Also, very pretty, Benny.
Very pretty.
He does have a tendency to go after... there he goes.
It's just a 2 beddies, but otherwise he's mostly killing women.
Nearly identical, Benny.
Is anyone keeping score?
We're due for a Bjorn any minute.
So we've had three.
He's killed 1st Benny, he killed Hillary, and he was killed, and a friend, and now he's killed the 2nd Benny.
Second Benny.
Also very nice.
Hello Benny.
Very Benny.
He's not doing the dead acting that John Hamill was doing, which I thought was pretty impressive.
No, I was more impressed by Mr. Hamill's sweetness.
He's adorable.
Yeah, apparently that's the thing.
The only reason he kept getting jobs.
And the studio is terrible on team movies because he's just so nice to work with.
This guy's kind of hot too.
That's a strong look, isn't it?
Yeah he survives.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
He's not he's not Scandarwegian modern white.
Oh, he might be one of the Italians who Martin Landau gets kicked off the set later on that day. yeah.
See if he comes up in a 2nd show.
He's gone.
This Tanya.
I'm back.
Paul's got bangs too.
Have you noticed that it's almost the same haircut as Helena?
It's really bad hair.
Like the 70s is bad for hair.
Wasn't great. do you remember?
Yeah, it wasn't great.
Like, I am happy to see moustaches back.
We went without them for quite a long time, and I do think that Paul looks pretty good with this moustache.
I mean, this is uh.
Yeah, his lack of moustache and longer hair is salamar in Planet.
Yeah, no, it's not working for him.
Was it a career death?
I just thought he had his wig on backwards.
Yeah, but that's the look.
That is the look.
It's the wig on backwards look that everyone goes and asks for a barber in the 70s.
Oh, here we go.
Death Star.
So there was section E, wasn't it?
Or section B was the solarium?
Was that the whole section?
It was just like, like maybe a 5th of of Alpha was just solarium?
just hot beds.
Bikinis. that outer ring that you see on the model shot.
And rubber plants.
And maiden hair ferns.
Nathan, do you remember the sound of this?
Oh, do I ever?
Did anyone's mother have a bathroom without a maiden half?
Fibre optic lamps?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
She was very gooey.
White Flaccardi rug?
Yep, we have one.
Yep, tick.
Yeah, but I would happily live here.
That was always the thing.
And I would love a com lock.
I mean, I love my iPhone, but a com lock would be great.
Yeah.
Yeah, I just want to answer the phone with a beep.
But I like they have little watches that give you their blood oxygen levels.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
No, they have Apple watches on and then it just tells you when you're dead as well.
Like it tells Helena, oh, that person's dead, by the way.
That's all they're there for.
Yeah.
And to help you find your com lock if you put it down.
Yeah, yeah, you press the thing and it beats.
Find my com logs.
She's got a red sleeve. go well.
So I don't know what the red sleeve is.
I do know that the purple flavour security and that the white sleeve is medical.
And the yellow was...
Oh, here we go.
Yeah, there you go.
There's some...
I did know this.
It was a thing, but it was the sort of thing that like I really cared about.
And then they just put them all in orange kagools in season 2 and you can't see their sleeves at all.
There's someone in a Kagool on the main mission.
I thought the brown sleep was animal husbandry.
Probably, yeah.
Oh, that's right.
Scarlet, and it's actually orange scarlet, is command, as in.
Oh, they've turned out turned out the lights on the model.
Yeah, that's pretty good.
Now, I want to know what's happening in this fucking moon base that there's 3 or 4 people in intensive care at anyone.
Always.
Bob is a terrible doctor.
Oh, well, they like keep sticking com locks up their asses or something.
They're very blue vibrates, Nathan.
Also.
Harsh.
Also, you know, they didn't go through an easy trip to get here.
Oh, I know, I suppose.
But it just seems like several space warps.
Yeah, yeah.
It did seem like a, 0 my god, what will we do to ramp up the drama apart from having the guy wandering around the station killing everyone?
We have to turn all the lights off except that our terrible patients will die.
You know, like it's a, and it gives to, it's, does Bob gets to do a bit of sort of proper, damn it, they're dying here, you know, like acting, which is pretty great.
Yes, rubbing up against their brass size 10 gauge robin zipper. all the way from Nick to cuff.
To be fair, a lot of people went through Windows last episode.
Didn't go well, did it?
But, but, I mean, the fact is that that, you know, there's no sense that this all happened last week and it is absolutely like there's no sort of serialised elements at all.
In fact, I remember being quite shocked when the administrator from breakaway turns up later to be sort of trapped in a spaceship for all eternity by Christopher Lee.
What we really needed this episode was Dr. Russell's chief medical officer's log, which comes in later on.
It has been 3 days since we left off.
You've passed through 2 space warps.
We have to wait for season 2 before we get Emma Porteous designing the costumes as we were.
Oh, so Rudy Rudy leaves.
Well, Rudy never did a bloody thing.
Rudy did, Rudy was recommended to Sylvia by Barbara Bain, who, she said, he's great, and he's one of my favourite designers. stoned off his tits.
It was the seven.
Yeah, and he did some drawings.
I'm just showing the boys here at home, boys and girls.
Oh my God.
The drawings.
Not a lot like what they ended up with.
Keith Wilson said, well, you know, we couldn't have the boobs showing, could we?
So we, Gurnrick was famous for designing the nude bikini, which was something that flashed your tits.
It was the 60s.
And he'd done things like Exodus and, you know, films like, you know, big films and Hollywood stuff that he was more famous for.
Oh, yeah, he did the Expo 70 outfits and uniforms.
That was a big thing back in the day and I started Expo, yeah.
Yeah.
Welcome to Japan, Mr. Punt, yeah.
And all the rest of it.
But yeah, no, they didn't really use.
But he did have an idea of an outfit that zipped entirely from the cuff to the neck all up the side and he said, can you imagine trying to wear that?
our actors and we said, well, certainly you'd have to shave them all first.
So obviously.
Didn't they kind of end up with that on TNG season one?
Yeah, that's a good point, actually.
Yeah.
Although I love the TNG crazy toga. cross dressing outfits.
Can we still call it that?
I don't think we do.
They're called scans. pick your pardon.
No, that's what they're called.
Sure.
The fanboy...
You're threatening this loser's life.
Bjorn. going to go well.
Barb.
Okay, hit him.
Hit him.
Yeah, what if they're dying here?
He turned off the freaking power and I mean, it's like one light mode.
Not a machine that goes pinged.
You didn't say Paul, the power is failing.
He said morrow.
But like, couldn't they just station a bunch of guards here and leave the lights on?
It doesn't seem like it, you know, would that be bad?
Is that a thing?
Morris saying...
Our weakest people are starting to die.
They tripped to the main circuit breaker.
Oh okay.
Yeah, no fair enough.
So everyone has to be without power.
Well, this is a big moment for Paul.
Look, look.
Paul's Paul's really fair.
Pop emotional.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Good for him. that's the only emotion he ever shows during the course of the run of the show isn't it?
No, he gets a bit kissy face with Auntie Sandra.
Oh, okay.
That's good.
Yes.
Especially when they start playing badminton on the moon.
Remember that one?
No, yes.
They get a whole lot of oxygen and atmosphere and they'll go out in there.
Oh, they do go outside.
Yeah, yeah, yeah They pay badminton on the surface.
That's awesome.
I remember. as good as you can imagine.
Oh my god. really needs to do something about the hair.
And so this is the 1st mention that we've heard of him having a mechanical heart.
He talks about his clockwork, huh?
Yeah.
And then you see it in later episodes and it's a huge Rubik's cube.
It's a huge clear acrylic fricking box.
You couldn't have even curved the bloody thing.
I wonder he's sore all the time.
That's pointy edges.
Horrible.
And McShane doing some great butt acting there.
Yeah, yeah, isn't he?
He's brought his whole butt with him.
Yeah, whole butt.
Well, someone's got to keep up with John Hamill.
Richard, talking about the costumes. as you were.
The fanboy in me wants to know why on the main titles, they're credited as Moon City costumes rather than Moonbase Alpha.
Yeah, yeah.
Of course, that's how early it was when they were pitching for it and designed and pretty much as Keith Wilson said.
Oh, those are lovely little bit of David Collins acting here, isn't there?
Is this still Ian and they've just slathered him in mud?
Yeah, it's Ian.
Yeah, in a lovely bit of full as well.
I love the eyes.
Like the eyes are gray.
That's kind of been comfortable.
Given him the soft focus.
Thank God.
Look at those ping-pong balls with LEDs under...
I don't know what they are.
That's cool.
No LEDs.
Their actual physical hot bulbs and apparently was incredibly uncomfortable.
Oh, my God.
But, you know, artists.
Yeah, yeah.
And he's wearing a bald wig with just sort of little bits and pieces hanging out.
And that's so cracking the lights on.
Yeah, yeah, it did too.
How gorgeous is that?
Look, they had a budget that could actually have metal when they mean it to be metal.
Yeah, it's not just silver painted plaster.
Yeah, yeah, it's really great.
No pinewood hair.
Do you remember just finding things to press on walls after watching this anywhere?
Oh, yeah.
Well, when I was a kid, I, like the fact that I have, have things with lots of buttons on them that I can just press whenever I want is a source of constant delight to me as an adult.
And your dad's calculated...
You're always getting trouble for it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
The big desk calculator that plugged in and had proper mechanical keys.
I just loved all of that stuff. sometimes with a roll of paper attached.
Look how thick that thing is.
Look how good it is. where they kept Barbara in between.
Well, I didn't want to be mean to that.
This is great, isn't it?
So there you go.
Even in the 90s, the light went on when you opened the door.
That's awesome.
How cool can a precast fibreglass concrete building look?
It's got so much. so good, isn't it?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's wonderful.
I think the grains of sand are a bit big.
The grains of sand?
Oh, I'm not going to be that mean, yeah, that is.
Yeah, it is a bit.
It's a big model, by the way.
I'll show you some shit.
It's bigger than you think.
It's kind of like, oh, but it's just like this is happening again this week.
A person, if it were to scale, would be about the height of your thumb on that set.
So yeah, bigger than you think.
I mean, it's so incredible, isn't it?
I like how that explosion cracked open the ground.
I love that, Jane.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, that was a great fall from Nick.
Good on you, man.
Yeah, you're an awesome proper Aussie bloke right there.
Yeah, they're going uphill.
You grew up with a trampoline, you can tell.
And then there's this hilarious scene where all of the sections call in and say, yeah, you know, Phil broke his ankle, but everyone's fine.
Yep, no casualties.
John is an intention of care.
Yeah, he's dead.
Aw So this.
And the radox is alien is buggering off.
Don't they say earlier in the episode that this is the one section they can't take any risks with?
Correct.
Yeah, they've blown it up.
Yeah.
There's some other ones.
There are some other ones.
You would think the radiation section would be a long, way away from all the habitation sections, wouldn't you?
Well, there were other radiation sections a long way away from the habitations and they all load up.
And the whole bloody moon was covered in radiation.
Yeah, yeah.
I mean, why is that still a perfect circle?
So, I think this is really great because, so, you know, Victor doesn't know what it is, now we're checking for damage and casualties and everything's okay.
What's your damage?
Yeah.
No smoking.
Especially not in a vacuum.
No that's right.
It's got escaping oxygen.
Mate.
Non fatal.
Really?
Yeah.
No, everyone seems to have survived quite well.
But I did a lot of people go through windows and stuff like that, but they're kind of used to that on this station.
Yeah, it does happen quite a lot.
Yeah.
It's that kind of glass they used to have where it will just like break rather than shatter.
Yes.
It'll cut you to pieces.
Yeah, exactly Perfect the moon.
Laminated safety glass.
Thank you.
And so now we're theorising about what the blue thing was, and Victor thinks it's creative evolution.
And then look at what John's idea is.
It's a star being born.
So like an embryo star came to and it took over Ian McShane and used it to birth itself into a star and then went off into the universe.
And that sort of weird, odd mysticism is really great.
And then we get this scene, which I think is really good.
So she's lost her husband.
Helena is being like just very sweet, you know, because she reads as such a young woman, doesn't she, Eva?
And Helen is sort of older and knows some staff.
And then her thing is the solution is just reaching out to one another and supporting things and explaining things to one another.
And that beautiful shot of the 2 of them looking out the window towards the retreating blue thing.
I think it's great.
Like, it's not, do you know what I mean?
It is in essence just a dumb episode about a guy going around freezing people.
Like there's nothing to it.
But yes, and I just like the way that they sort of give it a little bit of sort of mystical edge.
We can't explain it.
Energy can have intelligence.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
All of that's great.
And there we go.
It's heading off into the galaxy and that's the end of the episode.
That's exactly what they mean by pitching it to adults.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, and not everything needs to be explained.
Not everything is sort of a dumb rubber monster.
That was the best thing about that.
That's an episode where they decide that the direct intervention of God saved them.
Yeah, I think black coming up.
Star.
Victor thinks that God is involved.
Black son.
Yeah.
And then we get collision course with Margaret.
Yes.
Yes, yeah, yeah. where the enormous space muff is revealed.
Yeah, that's the best thing about it for me, I think, is that it's not straight science fiction at all, and it's a world where Barry Morse's character really properly belongs.
And that's what you lose in series two.
I think series 2 is vastly dumber.
And we'll get to that.
And there's real, really good.
You know how topical this is?
Has anyone here heard of a woman called Vader Austin?
No.
Vader Austin is because, you know, the woo-woo that was around in the early 70s, that I'm sure Nathan and I remember, as in, you know, the metaphysics and science and mysticism and religion, all chatting to each other.
And we had Dr. Paul Davies beginning to talk about God and the new physics and such like, you know, and we had Godelesher Bach, we had Hofstadter.
Anyway, Vader Austin is a woman who is a mystic in New Zealand and has talks about water plasma having intelligence.
She asks it questions and freezes it and she's given it a series of symbols in which it freezes shapes and talks back to her.
And the reason I bring her up is she was just this, actually September, an invitee to a major international hydrologists convention in Amsterdam where she was asked to present her case because she's shown, at least on film, that she gets repeat answers when she addresses questions to water plasma, and her theory is, get this, it's 1000000000s of years old, and it's the 1st intelligence on earth.
Right.
But she's just given a talk in front of a whole lot of proper, not even Moonbase scientists.
So, the topicality of these concepts goes back a long way and is still around.
Proper science has already been interested. quantum in all of this stuff.
I didn't pick this up as a little boy that it was the birth of a star.
I thought it was just a pushy cow off the back of a bike, big blue, you know.
Yeah, but I mean, they don't present it as a sort of concrete answer.
It is just speculation, but, you know, Victor seems to be leading John to coming to that conclusion.
I think Victor smoked a bit I think he did, but that's why I think that's why I love him so much.
I don't think that was the power station that was smoking.
They have a high...
Victor's stash.
Yeah they do.
Every bit as big as the solarium.
And that goes nuts in a few weeks time too.
I think this was pretty good, but actually the quality of the story doesn't really matter to me much on Space 1999.
I would just sit down and watch people running around these brilliants. visuals are amazing.
They're incredible.
Well, and that's the thing.
I think that television, because we watched Doctor Who, and we thought that spectacle was cheap and Gordian meretricious and what we really wanted was sort of big name actors standing around talking to one another, but I think television should do spectacle, and this does spectacle so well, it's really, really great. and like I don't think the dialogue is terrible.
I don't think the performances are terrible.
But they have the money to do spectacle as well, and I think that's fantastic.
I've got a few things to plug.
This should be coming out tomorrow, so the day after we record this.
And this weekend, of course, if you're listening to this before the weekend is over, is the weekend of the return of Doctor Who, for the 60th anniversary, and we have a new podcast, which is called the 2nd Great and Bountiful Human Empire.com.
When does that start?
It will be starting in just a few days from now, after the 1st episode of the new series Airs.
So that's all happening and Flight through Entirety, of course, continues unabated.
Yeah.
So until next time, remember, fellas, that it's not gay to want to freeze another man.
Maybe a bit gay.
Thank you very much for listening and good night.
Good night.
Thank you for having me aboard.
Thanks for keeping us warm.